With web identity federation, you don't need to create custom sign-in code
or manage your own user identities. 
Instead, users of your app can sign in using a well-known 
identity provider (IdP) —such as Login with Amazon, Facebook, Google,
or any other OpenID Connect (OIDC)-compatible IdP, receive an authentication token, 
and then exchange that token for temporary security credentials in AWS that map to 
an IAM role with permissions to use the resources in your AWS account. Using an IdP helps you keep your AWS account
secure because you don't have to embed and distribute long-term security credentials with your application.


S3 Versioning: 
-Versioning enables you to control which file a request returns even when the user has a version cached either locally or behind a corporate caching proxy. If you invalidate the file, the user might continue to see the old version until it expires from those caches.
-CloudFront access logs include the names of your files, so versioning makes it easier to analyze the results of file changes.
-Versioning provides a way to serve different versions of files to different users.
-Versioning simplifies rolling forward and back between file revisions.
-Versioning is less expensive. You still have to pay for CloudFront to transfer new versions of your files to edge locations, but you don't have to pay for invalidating files.

Enhanced networking provides higher bandwidth, 
higher packet per second (PPS) performance, and consistently lower inter-instance latencies. 
There is no additional charge for using enhanced networking.

Access Keys needed to make API calls to the AWS resources.
distributed session management layer -elastic cache


User pool :  User directories 
Identity Pool : Actual granting  AWS resources.Provides AWS credential to access  AWS resources S3 etc. 


Identity provider: Hold the cedentials. it is a database of users and password such as LDAP active Directory...
Identity Broker: OpneId SAML Cognito - exhange token with STS

